Improve branching docs (#144)
alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit-docs: docs/v13/documentation/branching-journeys-checkboxes.md

In the checkboxes component, the `name` is "exports". The name is important - it is where the kit stores the answer to the question. Names can't have spaces so use hyphens instead, and use lowercase for simplicity.

Do not add an `href` to the button - this will turn it into a link and means it no longer submits the form.

## A route to check if an answer is selected

In `app/routes.js` we need to add a route to process the answer from the form.

```
router.post('/exports-answer', function(request, response) {

	var exports = request.session.data['exports']
	if (exports.includes("Fruit")){
		response.redirect("/fruit")
	} else {
		response.redirect("/next-question")
	}
})
```

`router.post`

This route is for a post request - the `method` we set on the form.

`'/exports-answer'`

This route is for a request to '/exports-answer' - the 'action' we set on the form.

`var exports = request.session.data['exports']`

The kit stores all the data from forms in `request.session.data`, using the 'name' we used in the component, in this case `exports`. We copy it to a shorter variable (country) so it's easier to type later on.

`if (exports.includes("Fruit")){`

> Checkboxes are always stored as 'arrays' in the Prototype Kit. This code checks whether the array stored for exports includes "Fruit" - the 'value' on one of our checkboxes. Note that this will also be true if any of the other checkboxes were ticked. We'll see how to check for only specific answers in a later example.

Reviewer: I feel like this paragraph might need some more explanation - the term "arrays" is often unfamiliar to people new to code from my experience. 

A quick suggestion below, but I'm sure it could be further improved.

```suggestion
Because checkboxes allow users to select multiple options, the selected options are always stored as a list (called an "array"), even if only a single option was checked.

This code checks whether the list of selected options stored for exports includes "Fruit" - the 'value' on one of our checkboxes. Note that this will also be true if any of the other checkboxes were ticked. We'll see how to check for only specific answers in a later example.
```

`if (exports.includes("Fruit")){`

Checkboxes are always stored as lists (called 'arrays') in the Prototype Kit. This code checks whether the array stored for exports includes "Fruit" - the 'value' on one of our checkboxes. Note that this will also be true if any of the other checkboxes were ticked. We'll see how to check for only specific answers in a later example.

`response.redirect("/fruit")`

Send a redirect as a response to the browser - sending it to the path "/fruit" - a page with specific questions about fruit.

`} else {`

If 'exports' does not include 'Fruit', run the code after:

`response.redirect("/next-question")`

Send a redirect as a response to the browser - sending it to the path "/next-question" (or whatever path your next question is).

### Example 2: A route to check if only a specific answer is selected

Add this line at the top of `routes.js`:

```
const util = require('util')
```

Then add this route:

```
router.post('/exports-answer', function(request, response) {

	var exports = request.session.data['exports']

> 	if (util.deepStrictEqual(exports, ['Fruit'])){

Author: @nataliecarey we need this to compare arrays, but I'd like to make it nicer.

I'm wondering if we make `utils.deepStrictEqual` available under our own path and naming. Something like:
```
const arraysAreEqual = govukPrototypeKit.utils.arraysAreEqual
```
then
```
if (arraysAreEqual(exports, ['Fruit']))
```
